Create rule S6359: Custom permissions should not be defined in the 'android.permission' namespace (#397)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6359/description.adoc

> Defining a custom permission on the ``android.permission`` namespace may result in an unexpected permission assignment if a newer version of Android sets a permission with the same name. It is recommended to use a namespace specific to the application for custom permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defining a custom permission in the ``android.permission`` namespace may result in an unexpected permission assignment if a newer version of Android adds a permission with the same name. It is recommended to use a namespace specific to the application for custom permissions.
```

I am not 100% sure but I think it is `in namespace` instead of `on namespace`. For `sets`/`adds` both work but I think `adds` is slightly better.
